/*
1. SECTION, Concept in my own words

I like to think of variables as different sized boxes in my computer's memory where
I can store info to use later. Before I can use a box, I have to tell C# what "datatype"
it is so the computer knows exactly how much space to save for it. For example,
if I'm saving a whole number, I use an int, but if I need text, I use a string.
The execution starts when the program reads the declaration,creates that
space in memory, and then puts a value inside it. Without variables,
our code would be fixed because we wouldn't have a way to remember or change
data while the program is running. It's basically how we keep track of everything,
from a user's name to the result of a math problem.

2. SECTION, Key C# Syntax 

To use variables in C#, we first need to declare them by specifying the data type followed
by a unique identifier (the name). We use the assignment operator (=) to give it a value.
If we don't give it a value right away, we are just declaring it; if we do, we are initializing it.

example:*/

int studentAge = 26;           
string studentName = "Tatiana";   
double price = 19.99;
char genderStudent = 'F';
bool isAproved = true;
float averageStudent = 80.5f;

/*
3. SECTION, Eureka Exercise/Moment

a) What was confusing at first? 
At first, it was really confusing for me to understand and remember what each variable type is
for and how many bits of memory they use—especially the difference between double and float.

b) What mistake were you making? 
I usually make the mistake of capitalizing the first letter of a variable, and also forgetting 
to add the 'f' at the end of a float value.

c) What finally made sense? 
I started to get it when the teacher showed me a chart, explaining it as if they were boxes or
a parking lot. Each car has to park in a spot with enough space for it. That's when I realized
it's the same with variable types—I need to consider the bits I'm going to use to choose the 
right type.

4. SECTION, Describe one common mistake you made with this concept and why it happened. 

Forgetting to put a semicolon (;) at the end of the line or using single quotes for strings.

5.Research References

I used the material from our class activities and YouTube tutorials.*/
